Everybody welcome back to this lecture we're going to take everything we've done in the last couple
lectures and roll it forward into creating our first Zombi account.
Now as you covered in the last lectures we need to make sure that we have an IP address.
We need a name and we need a bio in order to get this ball rolling.
There's two other things we'll have to do.
But we'll get to them when we get to them those are setting up a phone number and then picking a logo.
So that's what you're going to do is we're just going to set up the account get it pretty much squared
away with the IP address and then we'll move on to some of the more elective things we don't have to
do right this second.
OK.
So you use your proxy service of choice are used high proxies because I'm familiar with it and I prefer
to use a server or an IP address that is only dedicated to one account.
And then my plan is to later switch to a cheaper provider but I'm on high proxies and I need to just
log into my account.
Now I got to by proxies by unscrewing proxies and I'll just buy one right now it's three bucks.
OK $3 monthly.
So keep that in mind.
Do you kind of add up if you're going to choose this strategy.
OK so we paid high proxies $3 20 cents.
Now give me an invoice she'll say unpaid at first but it eventually will go through.
So I go back to the client area.
Now I just go to services.
This is under my account or the client area and it list off all the proxies that I'm using See the one
I just did is 320 right here.
Service Id blow up go back up to services go down to my proxies and we can see the one that I just bought
here is under one screen a proxy and it's in Chicago.
That's the server doesn't really matter.
All we need is the proxy IP right here and the port and I will show you how to do this.
Now there's two different ways you can authenticate your IP address.
You can do it down here through a user and password authentication or an IP authentication.
Now explain these in order for their servers to understand who the owner of these IP addresses are.
You have to have some kind of verification system.
Now either I tell my computer that when I log in through this IP system to use my username and password
and to send that to the server in the server then checks that out and then allows me access or more
simply I can just tell them what my IP address is and then they can just decide.
Anybody who comes from this IP address or the series of IP addresses.
Well they must be the owner therefore we'll let their traffic through.
So I choose IP authentication.
Personally I think that's much simpler.
The other way is perfectly fine you can do it.
I just think that it's one more thing that could go wrong.
So I prefer not to to check your IP.
The easiest way is literally just go what is my IP dot com.
OK.
And I'm in Denver Colorado Yes indeed.
That is my public IP address.
OK so what I do is I just copy this go back to high proxies so I'll go here and put it into one of my
IPs then I'll have to use it set up.
Now usually it works instantaneously and it should.
But I like to sometimes wait a couple of minutes just to make sure that the all the settings go through
properly.
Now in order to log in to my proxy This is the way that you would do it.
And there's a lot of different ways and just kind of depends.
I mean they're all pretty simple I'll show you the most manual way of doing it.
So take your proxy IP number right here.
I'm on a Mac.
OK.
Which is a very similar process to the way you would do it on a PC.
I'll show you how it works on a Mac and you can kind of deduce that it works in a PC but I just go to
System Preferences.
Then I go to network.
Then I go to advanced and right here we have a proxy setting.
Now in order to get this work correctly I'm going to be accessing and scan through my web browser which
means that I need to set up these HTP and each TTP s web proxies right here.
So I have to copy it into both of these.
So paste the number right there and then this number right here after the colon is the port number.
This just tells the server what socket specifically to use the technicality of this doesn't really matter.
We have the port right here.
So Tony 1 3 0 8 so I can go back and put this in as the port
OK now I want to do just that OK and hit apply.
Now I should be routing my traffic through this IP address.
Now I'm using Chrome and chrome automatically defaults to whatever IP address your system is using.
However if you're using Firefox.
Keep in mind that Firefox actually will by default ignore the IP address that you're using as a proxy.
You need to input it into Firefox itself.
It's relatively simple.
You just go up to preferences and it'll have a section for proxies and security and then you just input
it that way.
Make sure you if you're to use Firefox that you do it manually through their system.
Now do you guys in a PC the way you do this is very very similar.
Will you go to settings and then it's under like network and Internet and then you should have a input
field for proxies.
It's pretty self-explanatory.
Hopefully we'll put in the resources a quick like link to a guide for how to do it honestly should take
you a minute tops.
OK now that I've loaded up my IP I want to go back to what is my IP com and check that it is indeed
the IP that I decided on and it's not just the original one right.
So I'm seventy three point nine five.
Let's just make sure it's not that.
OK.
So sixty four point four four I'm magically we are now in Chicago like that.
OK so now we are good.
The next step would be to go to Instagram and create an account.
Now personally I like to do this with a private browser just because Instagram will store cookies any
time you log in on web and that can create problems because sometimes they can actually recognize that
hey this is linked to another account and we don't want that.
You could also do this on your mobile phone.
Keep that in mind.
I just find that it's harder to change your IP on your mobile phone.
I think for Android users it's a lot easier.
But I find it kind of clunky doing this on your phone.
So I like to use the web.
But you guys have a good VPN setup or shared or a proxy set up on your phone.
Go for it.
Doesn't really matter.
The concepts are still the same.
So on Chrome specifically I'm going to go to New Incognito browser on Firefox it's just called a private
browser and you access this up in the top left.
It's kind of the same story with Safari.
I don't actually know how it works for Internet Explorer.
I haven't used it in over a decade but I'd imagine it's very similar.
So we'll go here and we'll go to Instagram.
OK and assuming we're locked out we should be presented with this screen now.
We need to create a account so it says mobile number or e-mail.
Now it's up to us if we want to use an e-mail address or a mobile number.
Now I'll show you one way of getting an e-mail address and one way for a mobile number.
And these are both the easiest ways of doing it but also more advanced ways of doing it.
And a follow up lecture.
The easiest way to get an e-mail address in my experience is literally just Outlook dot com which it's
common to use Outlook dot like dot com.
Hopefully they'll change the name between now and then but it's it's whatever Microsoft's public e-mail
exchange is so good here.
And then to create a free account the information you put into this is not really important.
You can just come up with whatever name you want so I can call this zombie bomb the one and next and
then create a password.
Make sure it's always something you remember.
Then you can create your personal information.
None of this really matters.
It's not like it's ever going to be useful in the future.
Make sure you set the birth date whatever it is.
And then it'll ask you for a quick capture.
OK and now it's Hi Mr..
That was my name.
Click through this and you should be and your e-mail inbox and no time whatsoever.
All right once you see this screen you are now good.
Now we need access to the screen because Instagram will send a varify email to you.
So when you sign up you'll want to use this to confirm it and that's a good thing because if you don't
confirm your email address Well you'll have a bad time.
We'll make it a lot harder on you and you're more likely to have your account get shut down so we can
do something about it.
And
then for the full name doesn't really matter because he can change us obviously.
But remember kind of the principles that we had with names you want to make sure it's always relevant
and remember it's the first sentence you ever see on an account so that's pretty important.
So we might call ourselves advanced technology
and our user name is the one that we came up with before.
I don't remember exactly when we came up with before but whatever.
It's good enough.
OK.
Now go and sign up and we are now the very familiar screen or it asked us to follow people.
We don't really care on the web you I actually there's no like next button you just have to go up here
to your account and there we go.
Now we're pretty much ready to set this up.
We logged in using the special new IP.
Now remember.
Write it down.
This IP is going to be associated with this account and this account only so that you don't accidentally
cross-contaminate your IP addresses and the rest should be pretty straightforward.
All right now we want to fill out our profile with what we have real fast or just go to adek profile.
And then here in our bio we won't mess with much else until later.
And let's just go to the list of bios that we were up before.
And here we go it's just this long.
Whatever you think matches the name of the employees that there we go and hit submit your profile say.
Now last thing let's confirm our e-mail right here from your e-mail address.
OK great.
And let's look at our accounts see how it looks.
Here we go.
Great.
All right so in the next lecture I'm going to show you how you can set up brand new phone numbers if
you instead of using an e-mail address or if you wanted to use it in conjunction with a e-mail address.
You wanted to use a phone number.
Now why would we use a phone number.
Well because Instagram kind of gives your phone numbers a little bit more leeway.
It seems a little bit more real.
Anybody can make an email address for us getting a new phone number is a little bit trickier.
Generally the more you have on here the more real it's going to look.
So that's really all we care about.